# cyp-pico-tc08

##### Cyckei Plugin Package, Reads Temperature from Pico TC-08 Thermocouples
Intended to work with [Cyckei](https://github.com/cyclikal/cyckei), the Keithley battery cycler for Python 3.

---

## About the Pico TC-08 Plugin
The pico-tc08 plugin gets temperature data from Pico TC-08 thermocouples.
Compatible with most systems, requires PicoSDK C Libraries.

## About Cyckei Plugins
The Cyckei plugin infrastructure was developed to allow data from other instruments to be accessible to Cyckei.
The system uses a two-part structure: a loading system and set of parent classes within Cyckei, and additional packages that meet certain standards to provide accurate data to Cyckei.
When properly set up, the ability to select certain plugins will appear in the Cyckei client, and data will be meshed into Cyckei's usual output files.

See below for installation details for this specific plugin, and details about Cyckei's plugin systems within the [Cyckei documentation](https://docs.cyclikal.com/projects/cyckei/en/stable/plugins.html).

# Installation

#### Requirements
The pico-tc08 plugin relies on the PicoSDK C Library as well as python wrappers provided by Pico Tech
Instructions for installing both on a variety of systems can be found on Pico Tech's [PicoSDK Python Wrappers](https://github.com/picotech/picosdk-python-wrappers) GitHub.

It is recommended that the plugin, as well as Cyckei, are installed in a python [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html). To be accessed, the plugin must be in the same environment as Cyckei.

#### Package Install
To install, clone the github repository, change to the directory and install the python package:

    git clone https://github.com/cyclikal/cyp-pico-tc08.git
    cd ./cyp-pico-tc08
    python setup.py install

#### Configuration
After installing the plugin you must add configuration so that can setup and use the plugin correctly.
To do so, add the following entry to the ``plugins`` list Cyckei's main ``config.json``.

    {
        "name": "pico_tc08",
        "enabled": true,
        "sources": [
            {
              "port": 1,
              "meta": ["K", "K", "K", "K", "K", "K", "K", "K"]
            }
        ]
    }

This plugin supports having multiple TC-08s to be connected at once. Each device should be entered with a corresponding port number, declared sequentially in ascending order. The list contained in the meta information is used to designate the type of thermocouple attached to each channel. More information on thermocouple types can be found within the [TC-08 Programmers Guide](https://www.picotech.com/download/manuals/usb-tc08-thermocouple-data-logger-programmers-guide.pdf).

#### Usage
Once installed and configured the sources specified on ``config.json`` should appear in the Cyckei client interface as dropdown options. A source can be assigned to any channel, and data from the plugin will be appended to the end of Cyckei's cycling data.
A header will be written with the data file specifying which data entries are generated by Cyckei, the plugin, etc.

To check what sources were initialized click ``plugins`` in the dropdown menu.
